Add $(CMD) prefixing with SIM_CMD_PREFIX (#2615)
cocotb/cocotb: documentation/source/newsfragments/2615.feature.rst

> Added `SIM_CMD_PREFIX` to supported Makefile variables, allowing users to pass environment variables and other command prefixes to simulators.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add the :make:var:`SIM_CMD_PREFIX` to supported Makefile variables, allowing users to pass environment variables and other command prefixes to simulators.
```
